Ethereal Riffian - Shaman's Visions
==================

<concept>

Shaman's Visions concept.
Pleasant summer evening, when cold of the night comes down to earth, and sun shows its last rays to the surface, letting the night enter its domain. 

The fire near the marquee has almost burned down, leaving only a pale ghostly substance above. There was a man in the marquee. 
The scars on his body have their meaning. He has seen the life in different forms, tasted all kinds of its shades, and fate led him here, to these lonely hills - the last shelter of those, who Search. 

Wise people say, that everyone have their own Path to walk. The Path which no one else can follow. Where and by whom it's paved - is a very individual matter. Only your soul can make you feel the guiding star, and make you follow it leaning temptations and fighting through barriers and walls built up by the world around you and you very own consciouss self. Only your soul can make you walk this path till the very end. 

This man was no exception. 
He choose his path, paved by his ancestors, the path of the shaman. 

Now, smoking his pipe and looking on the glowing substance inside of it, he was preparing to open up his mind and transfer himself to the world of spirits. 

He knew where he was going, he knew what he was searching for. 
To find the reason, cleanse his soul, and release himslef from the chains of his own mind. 

The words of his predecessor - a young bearded man, more than a hundred years of age, free of aging and forever young...the words of his predecessor rang in his head. Before he disappeared he told that it's time to move on, before he left - he gave one last advise - "Do, what you have to do. Everything else is unimportant. Events are the part of the path, but not the aim. Tha aim lies in the 
depth of the universe. Only the one who can transcend his mortal body, and his tortured mind, can reach it. Only the one who can go beyond. Only there you can find yourself."

The star fell of the sky, letting him know that the time has come.

He stuffed the pipe for one last time, smoked, and closed his eyes. 
He relaxed and focused on his mind.
Mind of a tired man who was trying to break free from a cage. 

Gradually the shaman calmed every cell of his mind down, and concentrated on the world around him, the world which he was set to leave. 

The time stopped. 

Light breeze came out of the marquee - etheric substance has passed the line of distant horizon, and rushed to the stars above.


</concept>


#Part I - Whispering of the Ancients (The Awakening)

#Part II - Beyond (The Search)

Nature's spirit feels the mighty presence
Smoke rises from the voodoo's wand
Two worlds collide to form the essence
As shaman speaks the ancient chant

Search for reasons
Cleanse your soul
May not darkness
Take you whole

Black matter gathers 'round the sacred stone
Night sky will lead his soul away
The world of living waits the golden dawn
As old one's spirit flies astray

- Solo -

- Break -

The nebula cries
Beneath the cosmic mountain
Astral guardians rise
For the truth is beyond

#Part III - Yax Imix Che (The Path)

Timeless beings feed etheric substance
Languid haze creates the perfect blend
Vibration completes unearthly riddance
The limit, bounded can't transcend

#Part IV - The Voice of Reason (The Enlightenment)

Soul-stone reveals the way
(unafflicted freedom)
Suspense fades away
(illusions disperse)

Vivid wisdom, clear sight
(complete deliverance)
Asylum of the mind
(the reason unfolds)

Past lives left behind
(the path ethereal)
Blinding light inside

#Part V - Light of Self (The Truth)

Break the chains, which bind you
What eyes see is blur
Hope the truth will guide you
In this world and above

Reach the twelfth dimension
Reach the stars, shine bright
Infinite is granted
For the soul which sheds light
