
#Thugdam (Sensation)

<info>
Thug-dam--(n) A state of meditation entered at death achieved by highly actualized persons. In this state the body remains warm and the cells of the body do not dissolve. Medicine and science can't explain it yet. 

Find out more about it here - ow.ly/rNKzn, ow.ly/rNKJV

</info>

The sightless leaves the bondage, uncovers sight 
Through aeons, call of the timeless allaxis minds 

Exempts the confined 
Restores the forgotten enshrined 

Egolution outshines cherubic seeing 
Hollow sun, the luring light it can not shed 
Hear that voice from the center of one’s being 
To this ocean beneath the waves I lay my head 

Calm lore, infinite shore 
Star skies, passage shines 

Iron bars of the flesh absolve the spirit 
Shimmer road before my eyes, I’m going home


#March of Spiritu (Rise of Sheol)

Nothingness, absolute dissolution
The crossing made aeons ago
Eternal and bleak involution 
Rephaims we timelessly flow 

Shadows of Sheol, sublimate, universal presence, Nihil endured

Deprivation of serenity
With hollow eyes we gaze
Overconscious, mystic insanity
Sets the shadows ablaze 

Can we open the shutters of haze? 

Samsaric wheel stopped turning 
To relief forth they march
Etheric substance burning
Bleak burning, of rephaims starch 

Nothingness, absolute dissolution
The crossing made aeons ago
Eternal and bleak involution 
Rephaims we timelessly flow 


#Wakan Tanka (Awareness)

<concept>In the Sioux way of life, Wakan Tanka[1][2] (Standard Lakota Orthography: Wakȟáŋ Tȟáŋka) is the term for "the sacred" or "the divine". This is usually translated as "The Great Spirit". However, according to Russell Means, its meaning is closer to "Great Mystery" as Lakota spirituality is not henotheistic.[3] Before their attempted conversion to Christianity, the Sioux used Wakȟáŋ Tȟáŋka to refer to an organization of sacred entities whose ways were mysterious: thus, "The Great Mystery".[4]


Wakan Tanka - the Sioux name for the Great Spirit or Great Mystery. In Native American mythology, Wakan Tanka is thought of the creator of the world or universe; believed to be the All-Providing One. It is also interpreted as the power or the sacredness that resides in everything (wakan). 

Lame Deer said about Wakan Tanka: 

"You can't explain it except by going to the circles within circles idea, the spirit splitting itself up into stones, trees, tiny insects even, making them all wakan by his everpresence. And in turn all these myriad of things which make up the universe flowing back to their source, united in the one Grandfather spirit." 

Find out more info about it here: ow.ly/rSIXZ, ow.ly/rSJ2h, ow.ly/rSJ5A

</concept>

Mystery, divinely bestowed existence 
Your mind among the myriads of forms 
It's inside every atom, the wakan consistence 
All-providing one's germs 

Outsourced from the center of being 
To embrace the unity again 
Vivid voices inside you are hearing 
And they drive you insane 

Open the eye that sees 
Untie the ear which hears 

Answer aeonian call 
Betide the mind, that’s all 

These eyes can see 
These ears can hear 

Listen, listen... 

Amalgamate with the endless 
Perceive through lens of timeless



#Anatman (Oneness)

<concept>
Anatman – refers to the notion of ‘not-self’ or the illusion of ‘self’ in Buddhism. Meanings: 1) all things perceived by the senses are not ‘I’ or ‘mine’, and therefore people should not cling to them; 2) all things are interconnected and interdependent, so that nothing - including ourselves - has a separate existence. 

How can this be understood in terms of our daily experience? Physical reality changes every moment. This is what Buddha uncovered by observing himself. By his incredibly sharp and concentrated mind, he vent deep into his own nature of being and discovered that all material structures consist of tiny subatomic particles, which appear and disappear every moment. "In a blink of an eye, each of these particles appears and disappears trillions of times," he said. Theravada Buddhists call these particles "kalapa(s)" and state that they can be observed during the deep levels of Vipassana meditation practice. 

In 1952, Donald Glaser invented the bubble chamber, which registered that a subatomic particle appears and disappears 10 to the 22 times a second. 

Technology proved the same result as the sharp human mind. 

On a fundamental level of existence there is no "I" or "mine". This is a mind crafted illusion that comes from the limited perception of the world around us.

</concept>

When haze disperse 
Embrace the insight's birth 
This vision is higher 
Illusions pyre 

One blissful awe 
Of knowing seeds sown 
The end means nothing 
Beginning never was 

One luring source 
And all is one, forever 

Everything is nothing 
...observe 

Potions opened 
Liberation flows 
Oneness token 
Consciousness' river glows 

Potions opened 
Inhale serenity 
Liberation, liberation.... 

Abandoned restless mana 
Awakened spirit shines